Flake and Corker feel liberated to speak their minds. That should terrify Trump.

Retiring Republican Sens. Bob Corker of Tennessee and Jeff Flake of Arizona, who questioned President Trump’s fitness for office in an extraordinary breach, will have as big a megaphone as they want for as long as they want it. 

By James Hohmann

5 hours ago

GOP tax leaders threaten to break Trump’s promise not to change 401(k) rules 

Days after President Trump vowed that his tax plan would leave retirement accounts alone, House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady suggested a bill could force changes to the plans. Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch also said he would oppose Trump’s pledge. 

By Damian Paletta and Mike DeBonis

1 hour ago

Laura Ingraham was ‘Trump before Trump.’ But is she made for TV?

With her new Fox News show, the arch-conservative radio star steps up to the big leagues after more ­than three decades in the D.C. ­political-media-industrial complex.

By Krissah Thompson

13 hours ago

The Clinton camp and DNC funded what became the Russia dossier. Here’s what it means.

Here are four key takeaways from the new report.

By Aaron Blake

7 hours ago

Enough

By Jeff Flake

5 questions for Flake and Corker about the GOP’s dangerous enabling of Trump

By Greg Sargent

Sorry, Sen. Corker. You missed your chance to do the right thing about Trump.

By Jay Cost

‘It was news to me’: James Murdoch’s pathetic ignorance in l’affaire Bill O’Reilly

By Erik Wemple

Three ‘ideologies’ ruling Washington and the death of facts

By Jonathan Capehart

Gillespie breaks the hypocrisy meter

By Jennifer Rubin

Pentagon deployed elite commandos to Niger fearing that militants were hunting missing soldier

The mission came two days before the body of Sgt. La David Johnson was found after a deadly ambush against U.S. and Nigerien forces.

By Dan Lamothe

5 hours ago

‘The delays are inexcusable’: Lawmakers demand answers from DEA on spread of opioids

Members of the House Energy and Commerce Committee accused the agency of delaying responses to their questions about wholesale drug distributors.

By Lenny Bernstein and Scott Higham

1 hour ago

Expert panel recommends new shingles vaccine that gives increased protection

Shingrix is the first new vaccine for shingles in a decade, and it's the first time the panel is recommending that adults 50 and older be vaccinated — a group that numbers about 42 million Americans. 

By Lena H. Sun

21 minutes ago

Undocumented immigrant teen has abortion, ending weeks-long court battle

The announcement from the teenager’s attorneys puts an end to case that highlighted the Trump administration’s policy of refusing to “facilitate” abortions for unaccompanied minors.

By Ann E. Marimow and Maria Sacchetti

1 hour ago

Jovial entertainer who helped launch rock-and-roll dies at 89

As the singer of “Blueberry Hill” and “Ain’t That a Shame,” Antoine “Fats” Domino was rivaled only by Elvis Presley in record sales in their time, and his signature piano style influenced songs by the Beatles and Otis Redding.

By Terence McArdle

2 hours ago

Einstein’s ‘happiness’ scribbles, left in lieu of a tip, sell for $1.8 million

When a messenger arrived at Albert Einstein’s hotel room in 1922, the physicist lacked money for a tip and instead wrote him two notes on how to live a happy life. This week’s seller of the notes was reported to be a relative of the messenger.

By Rachel Siegel

14 hours ago

(Anush Babajanyan)

Do twins from Abidjan have magical powers? Some people think so.

(Kevin Schaul and Kevin Uhrmacher/Post)

What Jeff Flake's retirement foretells about the Senate in 2018

(Dan Keating and Samuel Granados/Post)

See how deadly street opioids like ‘elephant tranquilizer’ have become

(Lakshitha Karunarathna/Nature’s Best Photography Awards)

See stunning images from the 2017 Nature’s Best Photography contest

(Kate Patterson / For The Washington Post)

What celebrities wore at the Kennedy Center’s Mark Twain Prize for American Humor

(Matt McClain/The Post)

Here are 21 of the week’s best photos

Блок 12 тем по 4 новости в каждой

 Analysis GOP senators’ struggle: Speak out against Trump, or achieve something for their silence

 Analysis Republicans are whistling past their own Trump-inspired civil war 

 Analysis Trump who? Republicans seem to be totally ignoring Trump on taxes 

 Analysis No, Lis Wiehl has not ‘fully retracted all of her allegations’ against Bill O’Reilly 

 U.S. lifts travel restrictions on British businessman targeted by Vladimir Putin

 Bangladesh is now home to almost 1 million Rohingya refugees 

 Abadi: Iraq is not the place for U.S. and Iran to fight out their rivalry 

 Too many terrorists find a ‘safe place’ in Pakistan, Rex Tillerson says 

 Student and campus visitor killed in shooting at Grambling State University, authorities say

 Southern California stews in the most extreme heat the nation has seen so late in the year 

 NAACP issues travel advisory, cautioning African Americans about flying American Airlines 

 ‘Tarmac dancer’ entertains travelers while directing planes at N.Y. airport (video) 

 Perspective How Hollywood abuses women — and steals our work

 Perspective Sorry, Senator Corker. You missed your chance to do the right thing about Trump. 

 Perspective A stern Senate speech won’t stop Trump. It didn’t stop McCarthy. 

 Perspective China elevates Xi Jinping thought. Here’s why that’s unsettling. 

 Maryland development under fire after selling homes only to Muslims

 U.S. Park Police seize rifles, other guns after stopping a speeding car at Tidal Basin 

 Man wanted in connection with Arlington murder caught in New York 

 Volunteer fire chief in Md. allegedly fled police while driving a marked department truck 

 Patriots’ Tom Brady, still evolving at 40, is going deep like never before

 John Wall wants more respect. Paul Pierce is here to help. 

 Perspective A World Series game under 2 1/2 hours? A wide-awake East Coast salutes. 

 Analysis Fantasy football start/sit for Week 8: Expect Kareem Hunt’s ‘struggles’ to continue 

 Roy Price canceled ‘Good Girls Revolt.’ For the show’s stars, it’s ‘horribly meta.’

 The best air mattresses, according to experts 

 An ecologist speaks for the silent giants: Old-growth trees 

 Perspective Carolyn Hax: With a girlfriend like her, you should get the sympathy cards 

 How a kid who didn’t read a book until he was 17 grew up to become a literary star

 Best new poetry: Mary Oliver, Nikki Giovanni and Maggie Smith 

 Review Avant Bard recalls a French scientific genius 

 Review Cellist challenges listeners in museum concerts 

 The FCC just ended a decades-old rule designed to keep TV and radio under local control

 Amazon, Facebook and Google beef up lobbying spending 

 Trump’s pick for a top consumer watchdog once represented Microsoft and MasterCard 

 The woman behind ‘Me Too’ knew the power of the phrase when she created it — 10 years ago 

 America’s affordable-housing stock dropped by 60 percent from 2010 to 2016

 Wall Street wins big as Senate votes to roll back regulation allowing consumers to sue their banks 

 Why Sears ended a century-old partnership with Whirlpool 

 SEC ignored years of warnings about cybersecurity before massive breach 

 Perspective Uncle Sam is a slacker in policing sexual misconduct in agencies

 Q&A for federal workers: TSP investment limit 

 Hardly any federal employees are fired for poor performance. That could be a good sign, report says. 

 Perspective GOP health insurance plan for feds part of larger assault on compensation 

 Fats Domino, boogie-woogie pianist who helped launch rock-and-roll, dies at 89

 Paul Weitz, astronaut who helped repair Skylab and commanded space shuttle, dies at 85 

 Robert Guillaume, star of hit sitcom ‘Benson,’ dies at 89 

 Philip Levy, owner of Bridge Street Books in Georgetown, dies at 72 

