Tillerson to Iranian militias in Iraq: ‘ISIS is coming to a close. ... Go home.’
McConnell: People trying to unseat GOP incumbents are ‘specialists at nominating’ losers
Gold Star father: Kelly ‘made the situation even worse’ after Trump called soldier’s widow
Harvey Weinstein is also a jerk. That alone should have gotten him fired.
The New York Times sacks Bill O’Reilly. Again.
When the system fails sexual assault victims, we have to find our own closure
How the legal world built a wall of silence around workplace sexual harassment
Let’s not staff a White House with generals ever again
Jimmy Kimmel’s Halloween prank can scar children. Why are we laughing?
How to make the most of fall’s bounty
People still use travel agents?
My 4-year-old won’t use the potty
Moments that made her pause: The streets of New York City through the lens of Carrie Boretz
The 20 players with the least distinguished careers in NBA history
Single-payer would drastically change health care in America. Here’s how it works.
Melania Trump donates her inaugural ball gown to the Smithsonian
What the Obamas have been doing since they left the White House
Here are 21 of the week’s best photos
After Weinstein’s fall, Trump’s accusers wonder: Why not him?
Trump’s top economist provided a dishonest look at who benefits from corporate tax cuts
5 former presidents come together onstage to raise money for hurricane relief
WHO rescinds ‘goodwill ambassador’ appointment of Zimbabwe’s Robert Mugabe
Report: O’Reilly settled sexual harassment claim from Fox News contributor for $32 million
Prime minister’s coalition projected to win Japanese election
In coastal Texas, a community of black and Hispanic residents vs. oil refineries
A newly discovered tunnel on the moon could be the perfect place for a colony, scientists say

 Rep. Wilson accuses White House chief of staff of ‘character assassination,’ calls for apology
 McConnell says Trump needs to provide clarity on health care 
 Gold Star father Khizr Khan knocks White House chief of staff on military condolence controversy 
 Does Chief Justice Roberts fear gobbledygook? Or is that just baloney? 
 After a bloody week in Afghanistan, elected officials seek answers from Ghani
 Tillerson tells Iranian militias in Iraq to ‘go home’ 
 Shinzo Abe’s coalition is projected to win the Japanese election 
 WHO rescinds ‘goodwill ambassador’ appointment of Zimbabwe’s Robert Mugabe 
 Police used a Taser on a grandfather, who’s now in intensive care. They say it was for his safety.
 Analysis Girl’s fatal fall aboard cruise ship in Miami raises concerns over safety 
 Ines Rau is Playboy’s first transgender Playmate 
 DeVos rescinds 72 guidance documents outlining rights for disabled students 
 Perspective Harvey Weinstein and the problem of collaborators
 Perspective Harvey Weinstein is also a jerk. That alone should have gotten him fired. 
 Perspective When the legal system fails sexual assault victims, we have to find our own closure 
 Perspective How the legal world built a wall of silence around workplace sexual harassment 
 Women’s military memorial marks 20th anniversary with tributes to those who broke ground
 Woman injured in Saturday night fire has died 
 Man killed when vehicle strikes tree and bursts into flames 
 Del. Robert Marshall: Conservative warrior fights to preserve ‘laws of nature’ 
 ESPN’s Jemele Hill: ‘I deserved that suspension’
 Capitals taking good with the bad when it comes to their rookie defensemen 
 Analysis Wait, we no longer have to look at Jim Harbaugh, but should look at Notre Dame? 
 NFL Week 7: Leonard Fournette ruled out; Packers move on minus Rodgers; more anthem intrigue 
 Harvey Weinstein, accused by dozens, specifically disputes Lupita Nyong’o’s harassment claims
 Perspective Now in its fifth edition, Middleburg Film Festival offers respite from all things Weinstein 
 For one night, Washington gets a ‘six-star’ Michelin restaurant 
 Perspective Carolyn Hax: They seem to be moving in together in different directions 
 ‘The Underground Railroad’ by Colson Whitehead wins 2017 Hurston/Wright award for fiction
 Jann Wenner doesn’t like the new book about him. But you just might. 
 Boo! The best ghost stories you probably haven’t heard yet. 
 Philip Pullman’s ‘The Book of Dust’ is an enthralling prequel to His Dark Materials 
 Analysis The viral story of Taiwan Jones, who learned he failed his midterms on Twitter, doesn’t add up
 Trump’s pick for a top consumer watchdog once represented Microsoft and MasterCard 
 The woman behind ‘Me Too’ knew the power of the phrase when she created it — 10 years ago 
 What is TBH, Facebook’s newly acquired anonymous teen compliment app? 
 Discounts, guarantees and the search for ‘good’ genes: The booming fertility business
 Wildfires scorched marijuana crops, possibly complicating California’s rollout of legal sales 
 Dow continues breaking records 
 Consulting firm managing United Medical Center ousts hospital CEO 
 Hardly any federal employees are fired for poor performance. That could be a good sign, report says.
 Perspective GOP health insurance plan for feds part of larger assault on compensation 
 Q&A for federal workers: Timing retirement 
 2 percent federal retirement COLA set for January 
 Creighton J. Hale, Little League chief and developer of batting helmet, dies at 93
 Isabella L. Karle, chemist who helped reveal structure of molecules, dies at 95 
 James Clayton, Washington Post editorial writer who helped halt a Supreme Court nominee, dies at 87 
 Helen DeVos, philanthropist focused on health, Christian education and the arts, dies at 90 